finished codepen link  https://codepen.io/KrupDat2020/pen/VwmVPGE?editors=1100


What is Semantic HTML? HTML code that is easy to read for both the developer and browser.
2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to build the "bones" of a webpage, and tell the browser how to display it.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a value added to the opening tag of an element , for use in styling that specific element.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the most important header on a page, it should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes.. 
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
7. What is an id? An id is an specific attribute used to differentiate between elements.
8. What elements can I add an id to? any
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
10. What is a class? A class is an attribute (like id) but can be used more than once on a page.
11. What elements can I add a class to? any
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as needed.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? so a visually impaired person will know what the image is of.
15. How do I reference an id? #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is used to separate blocks of the page, a div is used to separate portions of the section.
17. What is CSS used for? To make web pages "pretty"
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one...An id is more important than a class, and would be used to style certain specific portions of your HTML.
20. How do we select classes in CSS? by using a . (period)
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? #sidebar links
24. What is a pseudo selector? a selector attached to an element for specific styling purposes.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? $ pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?$ ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? $ rm , so you don't remove then entire directory
34. Why should I use version control? $
35. How often should I commit to github? everytime you make a change
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? $ git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1> Fork the project 2>Add Collaborator (if needed) 3>Clone the project 4>Create a branch 5> Finish the assignment 6>Push to Github 7> Create a pull request